Add memory-usage to index and catalog telemetry reports (#2471)
tenzir/vast: changelog/unreleased/features/2471--memory-usage-metrics-for-catalog-and-index.md

> The telemetry reports now contain memory usage for index and catalog components
> . These reports only count some part of used memory in order to help with
> debugging memory leaks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VAST now emits per-component memory usage metrics under the `memory-usage` key.
As of now the index and catalog components calculate this value.
```
